README.md, before:

<div align="center">

###### #002

</div>

# Website Performance Analysis

[![Dataset Link Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dataset_link-website_performance_analysis-%23FFF8C9?style=for-the-badge)]()

This report provides insights and visualizations for website performance analysis, focusing on key user engagement and functionality metrics to improve business success. Website performance analysis is crucial for understanding user behavior and optimizing the website for better user experience. This for of analysis is critical, it directly impacts user experience, conversion rates, and the profitability and reputation of a business.

## Dataset Contents

The provided dataset contains the following columns, which are used for analysis:

- **Session primary channel group**: The marketing channel (e.g., Direct, Organic Social)
- **Date + hour (YYYYMMDDHH)**: The specific date and hour of the session
- **Users**: Number of users in a given period
- **Sessions**: Number of sessions in that period
- **Engaged sessions**: Number of sessions with significant user engagement
- **Average engagement time per session**: The average time a user is engaged per session
- **Engaged sessions per user**: Ratio of engaged sessions to total sessions per user
- **Events per session**: Average number of events (actions taken) per session
- **Engagement rate**: The proportion of sessions that were engaged
- **Event count**: Total number of events during the period

## Primary Objectives

The primary objective is to analyze and optimize web traffic and user engagement, focusing on:

- [ ] Understand the temporal distribution and trends in web sessions and user visits to identify peak times and low-traffic periods.
- [ ] Analyze user engagement metrics such as average engagement time, events per session, and engagement rate to improve user experience.
- [ ] Evaluate the performance of different marketing channels in driving user engagement and conversions.
- [ ] Predict future web traffic based on historical data and trends to optimize resources and marketing strategies.

## Additional Objectives

- [ ] Identify potential issues or bottlenecks in the website that may affect user engagement and conversion rates.
- [ ] Compare user engagement metrics across different devices (e.g., desktop, mobile) to optimize the website for different platforms.
- [ ] Analyze the impact of website updates or changes on user engagement and conversion rates.

## Future Works

- [ ] Implement A/B testing to evaluate the impact of different website designs or features on user engagement.
- [ ] Integrate machine learning models to predict user behavior and optimize marketing strategies.

## Acknowledgements

This dataset and analysis is from **[Statso](https://statso.io/)**, a data-driven business consulting services. They are specialized in providing data-driven insights to help businesses grow, they leverage data to provide insights that help businesses make better decisions and build a successful data-driven business models.

Commit message:

refactor: rephrase information and make it more easier to understand

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

###### #002

</div>

# Website Performance Analysis

[![Dataset Link Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dataset_link-website_performance_analysis-%23FFF8C9?style=for-the-badge)]()

This report provides insights and visualizations for website performance analysis, focusing on key user engagement and functionality metrics to improve business success. Website performance analysis is crucial for understanding user behavior and optimizing the website for better user experience. This for of analysis is critical, it directly impacts user experience, conversion rates, and the profitability and reputation of a business.

## Dataset Contents

The provided dataset contains the following columns, which are used for analysis:

- **Session primary channel group**: The marketing channel (e.g., Direct, Organic Social)
- **Date + hour (YYYYMMDDHH)**: The specific date and hour of the session
- **Users**: Number of users in a given period
- **Sessions**: Number of sessions in that period
- **Engaged sessions**: Number of sessions with significant user engagement
- **Average engagement time per session**: The average time a user is engaged per session
- **Engaged sessions per user**: Ratio of engaged sessions to total sessions per user
- **Events per session**: Average number of events (actions taken) per session
- **Engagement rate**: The proportion of sessions that were engaged
- **Event count**: Total number of events during the period

## Primary Objectives

The primary objective is to analyze and optimize web traffic and user engagement, focusing on:

- [x] **Session Analysis**: Examine the temporal distribution and trends in web sessions and user visits to pinpoint peak times and low-traffic periods.
- [x] **User Engagement Analysis**: Assess metrics like average engagement time, events per session, and engagement rate to enhance user experience.
- [x] **Channel Performance**: Measure the effectiveness of various marketing channels in driving user engagement and conversions.
- [x] **Website Traffic Forecasting**: Forecast future web traffic using historical data and trends to optimize resources and marketing strategies.

## Additional Objectives

- [ ] **User Segmentation**: Segment users based on their behavior and engagement metrics to tailor marketing strategies and content.
- [ ] **Conversion Rate Optimization**: Analyze user behavior and engagement to identify bottlenecks and optimize the conversion funnel.
- [ ] **User Retention and Return Visits**: Evaluate user retention by analyzing repeat visit patterns and understanding what drives users to return. This insight can help in developing strategies to improve user loyalty and retention rates.
- [ ] **Bounce Rate Analysis**: Investigate the bounce rate across different pages and segments to identify areas where users are leaving the site quickly. This can help improve page content and user navigation to reduce bounce rates. 

## Future Works

- [ ] **A/B Testing Analysis**: Evaluate the results of A/B tests conducted on the website to determine the impact of different changes on user engagement and conversions. This can help in making data-driven decisions for website optimization.

## Acknowledgements

This dataset and analysis is from **[Statso](https://statso.io/)**, a data-driven business consulting services. They are specialized in providing data-driven insights to help businesses grow, they leverage data to provide insights that help businesses make better decisions and build a successful data-driven business models.
